January 1992
Huang Ying's barren merchant just sold it
He was taken by a wealthy businessperson
The price has doubled ten times
Also this month
The official sale of Huahai stock subscription certificates
Prices go up all the way
It was praised by later generations as the 92 Fortune Certificate
In 1992, major industries
Both started to grow rapidly
This industry
Forget it first
In this lifetime
I will never make you feel better
Dad, what's the matter with you?
What else could it be?
The mother and daughter surnamed Wang insist that you break off the marriage and start again
What did you say? You refused to return the bride price money.
What did I do?
You walk at home
I'm looking for an answer
A customer with the last name is not a good person
Don't be impulsive dad
Son has his own measure
Just wait for me at home with peace of mind
Just get the money back